Please do not tell Hayden I sent you this email. He doesn't like us contacting his teachers and we encourage him to be as independent as possible with contacting teachers himself. However, it is still our responsibility to ensure that his anxiety and ADHD are under the best control possible and that he is utilizing all tools available to cope with both conditions. Therefore, I am contacting you to be sure there isn't something he is missing. Unfortunately, his anxiety holds him back from reaching out to teachers in situations where he knows he messed up something big.       We all understand that the responsibility for this situation lies entirely on Hayden, and nothing in this email is intended to imply that any of it is on you. My goal is to figure out what Hayden did or didn't do to create this situation so I can provide him with as many tools as possible to avoid it in the future.     The problem is that Hayden had no idea there was going to be a History test yesterday (hence his poor grade). I asked how he was expected to know about the test. He said it was posted in the Google Classroom stream but he keeps forgetting to read that because almost all of the information is redundant. Instead he goes directly to his "to do" list in Google Classroom and accesses his assignments there. We had a long talk about the importance of reading the stream each day even if it seems like a waste of time to him since even one piece of critical information (like your test announcement), makes it worth reading daily.     His not reading the stream and going straight to the "to do" list is partly a function of his anxiety. He is very anxious to get his homework started each night and has a major anxiety spike if he has to do anything prior to starting on his work. This  plays a role in him skipping the feed and going straight to the "to do" list. Again - not making excuses for him, I just want you to understand in case you have any helpful ideas. I am hoping that this experience will make him feel the same urgency over missing information in the stream as he has over getting his homework completed. Additionally, we discussed how he could utilize his planner to help remember to check the stream.     So my question to you is whether there was any other way Hayden should have known about the test. Did he miss an announcement in class? Was it posted elsewhere that he should have seen? If the answer is simply that he needs to be better about checking the stream then I think we have done all we can on that for the time bein