I wanted to reach out about my 8AM exam this morning that is to be rescheduled for Wednesday. The 2PM option works for me.      Secondly, I'd like to point out the following:   I understand there is nothing that could really be done, and my exam was likely going to be rescheduled regardless. But I think it was highly inconsiderate how it was handled. I know the office received notice from my professor before 8 AM this morning that my exam was not to be taken today; because when I arrived prior to 8AM, I was informed that my professor did not want me taking it today. As a DISABILITY resource office, I would like to think the office would understand the potential harm to one of their registered students for not informing them ASAP. Even if the office did not know until the first person arrived this morning, an email would have been much better. To give you a sense this is where I stand now:  I am a student with ADHD, I took my meds at 6AM so that they could be in effect by 8AM. This means, they will no longer be working around 6-7 PM this evening. I have an exam today at 3:30, so my priority from getting home this morning to 3:30 will be studying for that exam. When I get home around 4:30 or 5, I will have approximately an hour of study time (as my meds will not be working past 6). I have two exams the next day at 8AM and 2PM, so my focus will be my 8AM exam, leaving me with no prep for my 2PM exam. Then, I get home another day at 5:45, after a day of taking my meds at 6AM and will barely be able to study for my NOW Wednesday exam at 2PM. So now, I have almost 2 days to lose all knowledge for my exam. Of course this is a bit of an exaggeration, and since I have lived with ADHD for almost 21 years, I have mechanisms to try and study after my meds are worn off, but I still am not as productive.     I know there was not much you could do, but I want to bring attention to how highly inconsiderate it was to not inform me immediately after knowing the situation. And how ESPECIALLY inconsiderate it was to send me my location notice at 5:19 PM if you guys had already known (which I suspect/hope you did not). I do appreciate your time and effort to reschedule my exam. I just wanted to let you know so that maybe if this happens to another/with another student in the future it can be prevented