For Assignment 3A, I am not asking you to make up any background experience. Your ethos will simply be based on the correctness and professionalism of the overall formal proposal.    I am sending the following information each of your team members in response to this online activity:    Be sure to read all of the notes about each section that is required for Assignment 3A - Collaborative Instruction Proposal. The notes for the proposal body include information about writing step-by-step instructions. The following “must have” list should help you get started on writing instructions if you have not already started:    Introduction and informative title - Tell the user in one line, and in more detail what he/she will be accomplishing by using the instructions. Include all materials that are needed, as well as time required.    Step-by-step list - Use numbered lists with each step beginning with a very specific action verb followed by a description of the expected reaction or result, or a common problem that may occur if the action is done incorrectly    Format, fonts, and figures - Use an easy to follow format with varying fonts to give the users cues about what the information provides (e.g., bold for all actions, a different font for cautions, warning, and dangers, etc.). Use visuals with proper labels to illustrate complex steps, or ones that require an important outcome.    Cautions, Warnings, and Danger Notices - Use the legally correct level of warning. A lot of instructions do not meet that standard for what could happen if an action is taken by a user (e.g., Cautions are used if a wrong result can occur; Warnings are used if something can be broken; Dangers are used if physical harm can result.). Also, include appropriate warning notices in the steps where they apply.    Conclusion - Provide information that recaps what the final result should be, as well as information for additional information or support.    Take a moment to look at a quick some notes about Professional and Writing/Instructions, which have some good tips about instruction writing, as well as usability testing - https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Professional_and_Technical_Writing/Instruc